"Prologue: The Great Cataclysm"
A long time ago, mankind was touched by the planet's anger,
and the world was engulfed in flames.
It was the Day of the Cataclysm.
The flames burned ferociously,
with an intensity threatening to incinerate the places mankind lived in,
the languages they spoke, and the culture they had built up.
"Chapter One: Holy Fire"
As the world was being covered in ash, one man appeared.
He would later be called Raffles I.
Raffles took his disciples and left on a journey in search of light.
At the end of his journey, he found an "unsullied flame,"
and brought forth the light that would be mankind's salvation.
"Chapter Two: Amaterasu"
Raffles and his disciples used the flame bestowed by the great Sol
and the technology cultivated by mankind to create "Amaterasu."
The sacred flame of Amaterasu benefited the lives of mankind,
and ended up establishing the foundation of a state in the Far East.
Pi?!
These numbers?
Yeah.
See? It's easy to tell from the numbers on this wall.
"I'm going to cry, Brother Goya" [79458213].
Arthur-kun, you've memorized pi?
The fact that the word "pi" came out of Arthur's mouth is surprising enough.
Though, to be sure,
this is a random, irregular sequence of numbers.
It's well within the realm of possibility.
How is it that you've memorized pi?
Because I'm a Knight of the Round Table.
I did some checking into circles.
The Round Table? A ridiculous reason like that?
That's just like you, Arthur-kun.
By the way...
What is pi?
What is... ...the Round Table?
Everything I've had, I've lost,
but I won't let go of this remaining spark
No, I won't let it go, not ever
Though there may be no right answers in my ill-defined tale,
once I'm able to step forward...
They say something's wrong with me, but I'll do something with them
I'm not even sure what I'm supposed to be
But if my dreams have resolved themselves to be by your side
then there's nothing left for me to doubt anymore
Sparks fly as things kick off
until "black and white" turns to ashen gray
If there's a choice crown to be had
I want it, I want it I'll whizz my way toward you
until "double or nothing" gets zeroed out
If the clowns are melancholy
then nothing will get anywhere
I'll show you a love that burns hot enough to scorch ashes
I just spark again
"Episode 9: The Core"
Pi is the value representing how many times
the diameter of a circle can go into its circumference.
It's generally known as the number 3.14,
but its precise value is still under calculation, with no answer yet.
It's not as though I don't trust you, Arthur-kun,
but until we get back to Tokyo and check these tablets against pi...
Could these tablets be the switch for the Tabernacle's destructive energy?
I have trouble believing that lining up these tablets
will make the Tabernacle go into overload,
but there may be something else in here that acts as a startup key.
Let's look around.
That was... ...another Adolla Link.
A devilish woman...
Yoruba Forge!
Don't flip your lid about putting the demon to rest,
and then just stand around!
...S-Sorry! ...Kotatsu-san! They're coming from this way, too!
Well of course they are! We're surrounded, after all!
Fire-Cat's Tails!
The flame is the soul's breath.
The black smoke is the soul's release.
Ashes thou wert and art. May thy soul...
...return to the great flame of fire.
She's begun the prayer. Let's do this, Shinra!
Yeah!
Wah! You missed some of them!
Yoruba Brand!
Finish them off!
Return to the great flame of fire.
Nice going, hero!
How dare you eliminate my servants!
Kotatsu-san!
That's one down.
Juggernaut!
Ah! How could this happen?!
Treat him right away!
...Good. You're safe, Kotatsu-san...No it's not! Juggernaut! This is... This is...
Oh,
no, no, there's nothing inside there where the hole is.
Eh?
Huh?
Whew. It's a good thing I'm wearing extra layers.
This isn't a question of extra layers!
What have you got going on inside there?!
...Juggernaut! ...Juggernaut!
Yoruba Spears!
...Gah! Juggernaut! ...He's had it for sure this time!
No he hasn't!
Lucky for me, I dress warmly.
...Are you for real? ...He's a quasi-unkillable character.
You seem to be quite tough.
But I am done playing games with you.
I will personally send you into the afterlife now.
Die, and become mine!
How do you like this?!
He's strong. Even using Corna,
I don't have enough firepower to put this demon to rest.
What do we do, Shinra? We'll all be wiped out at this rate...
Damn it!
Protect...
You again?!
I am protecting it! Scop and the others asked me to!
"Protect the forest..."
Protect the forest... Look, I get it, all right?
But I don't have the means!
The devilish woman...
You're the one who's calling out to me, right? Where are you?!
Scop and the others are waiting for you to return!
Protect...
...the forest...
You cut right through that sturdy lock! I'm not going onto sacred ground!
Don't go ravaging everything you see!
This... ...is the Tabernacle's central core.
Is that a mechanical sound? It's almost like the pulse of a living creature.
What is inside there? I'm sensing an incredible energy.
That area with the stone tablets encircled the whole central core.
"Current location" "Stone tablet corridor"
Imagine, such simple architecture giving rise to such tremendous energy.
If there is an Adolla Burst inside that door, then this is as far as we can go.
What's that?
A white-feathered arrow. It looks like an arrow is stuck in the keyhole.
There are more of them lined up over there.
Seven of them in all.
And the arrowheads look like keys.
Including the one stuck in the keyhole,
there are a total of eight of them.
Eight of them...
Pillars... white-feathered arrows...
And the word suggested by both of them is...
"Sacrifices."
In the old proto-national culture,
it's said that houses of those who would become sacrifices
were marked by a white-feathered arrow.
This pulse sounds like it must be from something alive.
If the Tabernacle... ...and Amaterasu...
...both have an Adolla Burst powering them...
...then it's just as Joker's secret investigation uncovered...
The source of Amaterasu's power...
...is a person possessing an Adolla Burst!
Sacrifices? You're not saying that inside there is...?
Yes. There's a good chance that it's the Woman in Black that Scop mentioned.
No way. Scop is waiting for her, right?
But then, if that Woman in Black is in here,
it would explain why Shinra is Linking with this building.
You're here, aren't you?
That's you, right? The woman that Scop and the others have been waiting for?
I can sense Adolla.
It's just like with the Evangelist,
except that it's an amazingly gentle feeling.
Who exactly are you?
Hey, Shinra!
Give me a hand! I'm getting my ass handed to me over here!
Sorry, Ogun, but you have to buy me some time!
If this works, I may be able to put that demon to rest!
Huh?!
Please.
You are... ...the woman that Scop says...
...is the one who built the Tabernacle, aren't you?!
Grace!
Can you grant me the kind of Grace that the Evangelist offers?!
I don't completely get it, but all I have to do is buy some time, right?
Ogun, I'll help, too!
No. I can handle this by myself.
Time to crank things up!
Flamy Ink!
If all I have to do is buy time...
...I can just keep chaining combos like this...
...shooting hoops off to the side, right?!
Whoa!
I-Incredible!
I see now.
Those stories were about Ogun!
The ones about there being a new recruit at the 4th
who could temporarily produce firepower that rivaled Captain Burns!
Dam! Dam! Dam! Dam! Dam! Dam! Dam! Dam! Dam! Dam! Dam! Dam!
It's incredible, all right, but I can't make heads or tails of what's going on.
From the stories I've heard,
while he has those flame bands circling his body,
he is apparently able to forcibly increase his physical abilities. But...
...is he really going to be okay, putting out so much firepower?
I wish there was something that I could do to help,
but I'm not sure I could keep up with that speed.
You slippery little...
Ogun...
You never give up, do you? But it is about time we finished this...
Nya! I'm over here, too!
Tamaki!
Nekomata!
You fight, too, Juggernaut!
Huh?
Eh?!
We all have to buy time together!
Stop, Tamaki!
You cannot defeat me.
I know that!
But there is still something that I can do! Nya!
Wah! Here he comes!
Stay away!
Hey! Don't trash the forest!
S-Sorry!
Oh yeah!
Any more than that will be dangerous for you!
I'll be fine.
I'm gonna... ...crank it up even higher!
Here goes!
Shoot!
Aren't you ready yet, Shinra?! I said I would buy you some time,
but I can't keep this up long! Do something before I Overheat!
Y-Yeah!
Don't think that you can press your luck forever!
Take this!
Hold it!
Come on, I know you're there! Answer me!
Scop and the others are waiting for you!
What's going on, Shinra? Is she there?
Yeah. The woman you're waiting for is in there, making the Tabernacle run.
She's what?! You mean, she's been burning for the sake of our forest?
Scop, you call out to her, too!
If we can use her power, we can put that demon to rest!
You have worked a miracle here in this wasteland!
I, too, want to preserve the forest and animals that you have been protecting!
Shinra...
I'm asking, too, lady! All we've ever done is be saved by you in every way,
but I'm begging you, help us out once again!
Your call... has been... heard...
However... I only have...
...enough power left... to preserve... the forest...
I am... unable to...
...provide you with an ample amount... of Adolla Grace...
Ample? It doesn't have to be ample!
But... in my current condition...
...if I were to give you Grace...
One second...
What can you do in a single second...?
Such a small sliver of Grace would be... meaningless...
Just one second?
I am sorry that I... could not be... of any more help...
One second will be plenty.
"To be continued"
Most incidences have their own name
But no one knows and I'm upside down
Billions of people exist
But not anybody tells me what that is
Sacrificing my limited life Am I moving forward or not
I just want to believe Nothing goes to waste
I question myself Why I can't be who I want to be
tangled and translucent It drains me
Pretending and overextending myself
Wish one day I could love pathetic myself
Hoping for a dazzling future to come
Don't over decorate smile clumsily
Just live life the way I am This world is cruel
Can't choose how to be born
Stick up the middle finger then
Let's shoot off to the other side
"Fire Force, Season 2"
"Next time"
Shinra can only obtain the Woman in Black's Adolla Grace for one second.
But that second is their one and only hope. Please hurry, Shinra-san!
Shinra, how long are you going to leave me hanging?!
"Episode 10: The Woman in Black"
Next time on Fire Force, Season 2, episode 10, "The Woman in Black."
Return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
Subtitles Diego Moraes(oakislandtk) www.opensubtitles.org